lib/ansible/module_utils/network/iosxr/iosxr.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/amazon/aws_api_gateway.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/amazon/aws_kms.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/amazon/ec2_eip.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/amazon/ecs_ecr.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/amazon/sns.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/azure/azure_rm_acs.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/azure/azure_rm_availabilityset_facts.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/azure/azure_rm_functionapp.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/azure/azure_rm_loadbalancer.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/azure/azure_rm_loadbalancer_facts.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/azure/azure_rm_managed_disk_facts.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/azure/azure_rm_virtualmachine_scaleset_facts.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/digital_ocean/digital_ocean_block_storage.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/google/gce_instance_template.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_container.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_profile.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/misc/proxmox_kvm.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/misc/serverless.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/univention/udm_dns_record.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/univention/udm_dns_zone.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/univention/udm_group.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/univention/udm_share.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/univention/udm_user.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/vmware/vmware_cfg_backup.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_app.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_db.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_domain.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_mailbox.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_site.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/monitoring/grafana_plugin.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/net_tools/dnsmadeeasy.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/net_tools/ipinfoio_facts.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/a10/a10_server_axapi3.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/avi/avi_api_version.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/bigswitch/bcf_switch.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/bigswitch/bigmon_chain.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/bigswitch/bigmon_policy.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/cloudengine/ce_file_copy.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/eos/eos_interface.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/eos/eos_l3_interface.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/eos/eos_linkagg.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/eos/eos_logging.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/eos/eos_static_route.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/ios/ios_l3_interface.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/iosxr/iosxr_banner.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/iosxr/iosxr_interface.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/nxos/nxos_logging.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/nxos/nxos_snapshot.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/network/vyos/vyos_vlan.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/notification/cisco_spark.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/notification/logentries_msg.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/remote_management/foreman/_foreman.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/remote_management/foreman/_katello.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/source_control/github_deploy_key.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/source_control/github_key.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/storage/infinidat/infini_export.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/storage/infinidat/infini_export_client.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/storage/infinidat/infini_fs.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/storage/infinidat/infini_host.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/storage/infinidat/infini_vol.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/storage/purestorage/purefa_host.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/storage/purestorage/purefa_pg.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
lib/ansible/modules/system/firewalld.py ansible-format-automatic-specification
test/units/modules/system/test_known_hosts.py ansible-bad-function
