examples/scripts/ConfigureRemotingForAnsible.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
examples/scripts/upgrade_to_ps3.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWriteHost
examples/scripts/upgrade_to_ps3.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/module_utils/powershell/Ansible.ModuleUtils.ArgvParser.psm1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/module_utils/powershell/Ansible.ModuleUtils.CommandUtil.psm1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/module_utils/powershell/Ansible.ModuleUtils.FileUtil.psm1 PSProvideCommentHelp
lib/ansible/module_utils/powershell/Ansible.ModuleUtils.Legacy.psm1 PSAvoidUsingWMICmdlet
lib/ansible/module_utils/powershell/Ansible.ModuleUtils.Legacy.psm1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/module_utils/powershell/Ansible.ModuleUtils.LinkUtil.psm1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/setup.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/setup.ps1 PSAvoidUsingEmptyCatchBlock
lib/ansible/modules/windows/setup.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_copy.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_copy.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_dns_client.ps1 PSAvoidGlobalVars
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_dns_client.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_dns_client.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWMICmdlet
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_dns_client.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_dns_client.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain.ps1 PSAvoidUsingEmptyCatchBlock
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain_controller.ps1 PSAvoidGlobalVars
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain_controller.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWMICmdlet
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain_controller.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain_controller.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain_membership.ps1 PSAvoidGlobalVars
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain_membership.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWMICmdlet
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain_membership.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_domain_membership.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_dsc.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_dsc.ps1 PSAvoidUsingEmptyCatchBlock
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_dsc.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_eventlog.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_find.ps1 PSAvoidUsingEmptyCatchBlock
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_find.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWMICmdlet
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_firewall_rule.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_firewall_rule.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_get_url.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_get_url.ps1 PSUseSupportsShouldProcess
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_hotfix.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_iis_webbinding.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_iis_website.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_iis_website.ps1 PSAvoidUsingPositionalParameters
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_iis_website.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_nssm.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_nssm.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_nssm.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_package.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_package.ps1 PSUsePSCredentialType
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_pagefile.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_pagefile.ps1 PSAvoidUsingPositionalParameters
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_pagefile.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWMICmdlet
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_pagefile.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_pagefile.ps1 PSUseSupportsShouldProcess
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_power_plan.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_psmodule.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_rabbitmq_plugin.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_rabbitmq_plugin.ps1 PSAvoidUsingInvokeExpression
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_region.ps1 PSAvoidUsingEmptyCatchBlock
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_route.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_scheduled_task_stat.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_scheduled_task_stat.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_security_policy.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_security_policy.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_shell.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_shell.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_stat.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWMICmdlet
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_stat.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_unzip.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_unzip.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_uri.ps1 PSAvoidUsingEmptyCatchBlock
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_user.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_wait_for.ps1 PSAvoidUsingEmptyCatchBlock
lib/ansible/modules/windows/win_webpicmd.ps1 PSAvoidUsingInvokeExpression
test/integration/targets/win_audit_rule/library/test_get_audit_rule.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
test/integration/targets/win_dsc/templates/ANSIBLE_xTestResource.psm1 PSAvoidDefaultValueForMandatoryParameter
test/integration/targets/win_iis_webbinding/library/test_get_webbindings.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
test/integration/targets/win_module_utils/library/argv_parser_test.ps1 PSUseApprovedVerbs
test/integration/targets/win_module_utils/library/camel_conversion_test.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
test/integration/targets/win_ping/library/win_ping_strict_mode_error.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments
test/integration/targets/win_script/files/test_script.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWriteHost
test/integration/targets/win_script/files/test_script_creates_file.ps1 PSAvoidUsingCmdletAliases
test/integration/targets/win_script/files/test_script_with_args.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWriteHost
test/integration/targets/win_script/files/test_script_with_splatting.ps1 PSAvoidUsingWriteHost
test/integration/targets/win_csharp_utils/library/ansible_basic_tests.ps1 PSUseDeclaredVarsMoreThanAssignments # test setup requires vars to be set globally and not referenced in the same scope
